David Liana		
Homepage: http://www.thelinuxgeek.org
E-mail:  dliana@frontiernet.net

Objective
To secure a job in the computer science or information technology field, preferably in software design/engineering or system administration.

Education
MS Computational Science - S.U.N.Y. College at Brockport – Graduated May 2003
Project:  Configured a source-based Linux distribution on a cluster and studied the performance gains
Classwork in embedded software, scientific/mathematical computing, parallel computing using MPI
Languages used:  C, MATLAB
BS Computer Science -  S.U.N.Y. College at Brockport – Graduated December 2001
Spent a semester abroad at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland
Languages used:  C, C++, Java
Coursework included algorithm design/analysis, UNIX, web programming, OS concepts, networking

Qualifications
Computer Skills
Familiar with Quantum, SPSS, BASH Shell Scripting, HTML
Basic knowledge of SQL, database design, C, C++, PHP, MATLAB, MPI and Java
Experienced in the installation, configuration and usage of Microsoft Windows, Mac OS and various Linux distributions 
Knowledge of PC Hardware
Networking – setup of DNS, DHCP, Samba, NFS
Initiative
Enjoy and willing to learning new things about computing, programming and problem solving
Currently teaching myself Ruby on Rails
Contributes to department initiatives at Harris Interactive
Member of local computer user groups

Communication
Tutored students in Computer Science while a graduate student at Brockport
Help people in user groups solve problems
Provide feedback and bug reports for open source software projects
Trained domestic programmers and spent a month training new hires at an offshore vendor in India for Harris Interactive

Related Work Experience

Senior Programmer, Harris Interactive; Rochester NY — 2/2003 - Present
Responsible for cleaning, tabulation, weighting and verification of deliverables using Quantum and SPSS in a UNIX environment. Learned Quantum and SPSS on the job.
Tutor, SUNY College at Brockport; Brockport, NY — 2002
Tutored student’s one-on-one in various computer science courses.  Helped students with C++, problem solving and debugging of programs.  Also managed a small computer lab as part of my duties.
Co-op, Eastman Kodak Company; Rochester, NY — 6/2000 - 8/2000
Assisted team members in the programming of web applications using Visual Basic 6 and SQL Server.
Intern, Newman Center; Brockport, NY — 9/1998-8/1999
Set-up and updated informational web pages.  Trained the staff on how to perform updates.
References   Available upon request.


